it wath like a cartoon is used to
watching a little as an adult shit is
wild shit so I gently like I was with my
nephew we sitting near me watching Pepe
the Pew when I said whenever I said I
pay attention this guy because he's
funny I used to watch when I was little
and wash up every lap you with on the
old man looking like good god kind of
fucking rapist is this guy
run every was sitting there cracking up
see sometimes gotta take the pussy like
happy like
I had to turn the channel real quick i
turn on Sesame Street that's all Sesame
Street this is much better because now
he'll learn how to count and spell but
now i'm watching it as an advil not
realized Sesame Street teachers kids
other things and teaches kids how to
judge people and label people that's
right they got character named Oscar the
treat this guy like shit the entire show
they judge them right in his face Oscar
you are so mean isn't it kids yeah Oscar
you're a grouch it's like bitch I live
in a fucking trash can
on the poles motherfuck on Sesame Street
nobody's helping me and then it had the
nerve to put a pimp on them let him come
out and say his attempt but I know a pen
when I see one that they caught him to
count kind of hateful
either simpleman which where is my money
you've been late four times I've been
counting how many times must I smack you
before you act right try to